[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: In
my last conversation
with Michael
Murphy, we discussed
what humanity is being
subjected to from our skies
based on his film "What in
the World Are They Spraying?"
In this conversation,
we'll continue
by talking about the
motivations for poisoning
our environment, crops,
forests, and people.
We're going to
jump right into it.
First of all, let's do a
little, short recap of what
in the world they're spraying.
It's been a few days since they
saw the last one, so give us
an idea of what that was about.
>>MICHAEL MURPHY: Right. "What
in the World Are They Spraying"
was an investigation into
geoengineering programs.
And we really focused on
geoengineers' proposals
of spraying 10 to 20 million
tons of toxic aluminum
and other particles into
our sky for what they said
was the stated goal
of cooling our planet.
In the film, we reviewed
a number of tests.
Ray tests are a very
effective indicator
of atmospheric contamination.
And what's being
found around the world
as the primary ingredients in
geoengineering programs, which
are aluminum, barium,
and strontium.
What we see in the
sky on a regular basis
are these long trails
that do not dissipate.
They actually spread
out and block the sun.
And this is an express goal of
geoengineering-- geoengineers.
There are also number of
patents actually designed
to specifically spray
aluminum, barium, and strontium
into our sky for, again,
geoengineering purposes.
So, again, what we see in the
sky matches what geoengineers
deny they're doing but
state that they want to do.
And what we're finding
around the world
matches not only what
geoengineers are proposing,
but a number of
engineering patents
designed to specifically
spray these toxins
into the planet,
which are very toxic.
We discussed the ecological
and human health implications,
which are just unquantifiable.
There has been no
greater threat,
not only to the people on this
planet, but to our ecology.
We now see forests around
the world collapsing.
And we're losing our ability
to grow natural, organic foods.
>>REGINA: Good summary.
Thank you for that.
I agree.
It's probably the most
important topic out there.
It's not one we can afford
to turn our eyes away
from anymore.
We really have to
address it now.
And I've been into it for
the last 12, 13 years,
researching it as well, as
we've talked about off camera.
And then one of
the biggest things
is just the inability of people
to believe that something that
dastardly could be going on.
When you say, no,
look at those long
trails for horizon to horizon.
Wait another hour and watch.
They will have puffed up.
Now you're going to have a cloud
cover, because usually there
are a lot of them
at the same time.
I've even shown them photographs
of the little matchstick
contrail behind a
normal jet versus
these expanive chemtrails.
A lot of people just
don't want to hear it.
But I don't think we
can turn our back.
>>MURPHY: Well, we can't.
We have a planet that is
in the most dire situation
than it has ever been.
And we have
aluminum-related illnesses
going through the roof.
We now have ecosystems
collapsing around the world.
Aluminum is very toxic
to not only our soils
but also to plant
life that depends
on a natural, organic soil.
So what we're seeing
is the sterilization
of our soils around the world.
>>REGINA: And of our bodies.
>>MURPHY: And of our bodies.
as well.
And this planet gives us life.
It gives us food.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>MURPHY: And we are watching
it slowly, slowly die,
as well as the layer, which
is the ozone layer, which
geoengineers are very
outspoken about the fact
that their programs
will shred our ozone.
We now have huge holes in
our ozone, a major depletion.
>>REGINA: Major depletion.
And when we were
talking about body,
we're talking about huge rises
in the incidence of asthma,
upper respiratory
conditions, Alzheimer's.
All of these have
aluminum implicated.
We know that those are the side
effects-- not side effects--
These are the effects of
aluminum toxicity in the body.
Let's just go to a clip
in the video to start.
This is by Dane Wigington.
Just really quickly, set
up who Dane is for us.
Because he does a
really nice summary
of what we're looking at
here, what the problem is.
>>MURPHY: Dane is a researcher,
used to work for Bechtel.
And he owns one of the
largest solar-powered homes
in northern California.
Started noticing between 50%
to 70% declines in his ability
to uptake solar
power and noticed
a correlation
between the trails.
So he came into this issue,
researched it for a while,
and before long, came into
the issue of geoengineering,
got involved with
some of the testing.
He spoke to a number of people
in the EPA, high-level people
in the office, and started
working with scientists
in doing his research.
And what he found was,
again, very shocking:
high amounts-- very high
amounts-- of aluminum, barium,
and strontium, the chemtrail
geoengineering footprints
of rain tests that were
taken in his region.
So he's been very active
in getting the word out
about this most dire issue.
>>REGINA: And let's go ahead
and look at that bite right now.
And I think he does
a wonderful job
of summarizing what
we're up against here.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>When I grow up, I want to be
either an artist or a teacher.
>>I want to grow up in a world
where there's lots of nature.
I love nature.
>>How can I look my
children in the eyes
and not try to shed the
light on this issue,
knowing every breath they take
is laden with these metals?
I have been forced to
conclude that there
is no greater or
no more immediate
threat to anything
that lives and breathes
than the global
geoengineering programs, short
of nuclear catastrophe.
[END VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>REGINA: OK, we're going
to go ahead and move on
to the weather.
I mean, this has to be
an extreme challenge
for the weathermen on
the various stations
around this country.
Because they're telling us
basic baloney all the time.
And the thing is--
and we'll look
at another bite
in just a moment,
but how can they possibly
predict the weather when
the weather is being altered
by this Black Ops or whatever
military program?
>>MURPHY: Well, without
question, aerosols
are required to
modify the weather.
And we did our
research and we came
across a former 20-year,
award-winning weather
man named Scott Stevens, who
became aware of this issue
when he was in the industry.
And he noticed storms
were behaving differently.
They were reacting differently.
And he noticed a correlation
between the trails
and the aerosols.
So again, he stated
without question aerosols
are required to modify and
manipulate our whether.
I also spoke to a
number of scientists,
geoengineers are
open about the fact
that putting
aerosols into our sky
will manipulate,
will modify, actually
create droughts in
certain areas and floods
in other areas, exactly
what we're seeing.
But we also spoke with
Mark McCandlish, who is--
>>REGINA: And we're
going to get to him.
But first of all,
there's another point
that we talked about off
camera, which is important.
OK.
So these guys-- the weathermen
have to be looking-- it's
their job to look at the
weather and talk about it.
They have to be asking some
questions at this point.
As you say, Steve did.
And we'll listen to what he
had to say in just a sec.
But off camera, what
you were telling
me was this is all
controlled information.
The weathermen have to go
off of what is told to them,
given to them, by the
National Weather Service.
>>MURPHY: That is correct.
>>REGINA: Tell us the rest
of the story about that.
>>MURPHY: Well, we
did have a time where
a number of weathermen put
together their own forecasts.
Now, most of them,
if not all, follow
a script, what's
reported to them.
And then they go and
they make their forecast
and they deliver
that to the public.
>>REGINA: Yeah, there used
to be military meteorologists
once upon a time.
I mean, they had to
know their stuff.
>>MURPHY: Yes.
And that information
is controlled.
Raytheon has an
involvement with that.
They also have a number
of related patents, which
are related to HAARP, which
we'll talk about when we speak
about Mark McCandlish and Dr.
Nick Begich, who is a HAARP
expert.
>>REGINA: So The
National Weather Service
is under the
control of Raytheon?
>>MURPHY: Well, we're
going to be looking
into that in "Who in
the World is Spraying?"
and really connect the dots.
But really what--
>>REGINA: That's terrible.
I hadn't heart that.
I mean, how do you
fight with that?
Well, actually, you can.
Easier, I suppose, to
work with a corporation,
even if they have
long-reaching tentacles,
than a governmental agency.
>>MURPHY: Yes.
But "Why in the World
are They Spraying?"
really documented the
effects and how aerosols
work in conjunction
with other technology
to modify our weather.
And what we did, we
documented that this is real.
This is not speculation.
We've actually had
this technology
around for quite a while.
So Scott elaborated on-- he
started noticing about a day
or two ahead of storms, we'd
see these real heavy spray
days, just the planes
back and forth,
back and forth, literally
creating a canopy of aerosols.
>>REGINA: He couldn't
ignore it after a while.
So let's go to that
clip of him talking
about his own experience as
a weatherman with chemtrails.
>>MURPHY: Sounds good.
>>REGINA: Let's take a look.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>My name is Scott Stevens.
I was a television
weatherman for 20 years.
These chemtrails are
absolutely required
to impact whatever weather
event they were designing.
And the trails were an absolute
necessary ingredient for them
to achieve their weather
modification goals.
So we're finding the aerosols,
the metal particulates,
all of those can be used
and leveraged to create
weather events that are
several standard deviations,
or outside what would
be typically normal.
When the geoengineering really
got underway with the Russians
in the mid '70s, we ended
up with snow in Miami.
We ended up with frost
deep into Mexico.
The bizarreness of the weather
really exploded on the scene
when weather engineering
got going in the mid-'70s.
[END VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>REGINA: OK.
We're back.
And there's another
phenomena going
on where it's snowing
where it shouldn't be.
Because the temperatures
are too high for snow.
What is that called?
And I know that you and Scott
Stevens have talked about this.
What's going on?
>>MURPHY: Well, we've had
a number of snow events
that occur typically in the
40s or even close to the 50s.
Now, when we were
children, it typically
snowed around 32
degrees or below.
And again, that's being
pushed near the 50s.
In our research, we came
across a patent actually owned
by NASA.
And it's called Ice Nucleation
for Weather Modification.
And it enables corporations
or these people
to create artificial
snow storms.
And as crazy as that sounds, if
we look into governments doing
this, actually the
Chinese government
was boasting about doing
this until they did over
a billion dollars worth
of damage in Beijing.
At that time, they
quit talking about it.
So if the Chinese can
do this, and if there's
technology to do
it, why would we
believe that weather
events here that
are occurring above 40,
45 degrees, are natural?
And this is a heavy,
it's a very wet snow,
that literally when it
falls, because it's so heavy,
and because it's so wet,
it's breaking branches.
It's destroying forests.
It's caving in roofs.
And it's doing a lot of damage.
>>REGINA: Those massive
kinds of hail storm balls--
they're not little, tiny
hailstorm balls, but golf
balls now a lot of
times because of that.
>>MURPHY: Yes.
And it's because the climate
now is being pushed and pulled
in many different directions.
And when you push
and pull a climate,
there's going to be backlash.
There's going to be offsets.
There's going to
be snow in Miami
when they started this in the
'70s, as Scott had discussed.
So we're seeing weather that
is unusual across the board.
Some days it will
be snowing and then
back up to 75 the next
day in normal regions.
And these, again,
are consequences
that geoengineers talk about,
off-set weather patterns,
exactly what we're seeing.
>>REGINA: OK.
So when we're looking at how
this technology is driven,
we can't ignore the subject of
HAARP in looking at chemtrails.
H-A-A-R-P. Both Mark
McCandlish in your film and Dr.
Nick Begich talk about this.
I've interviewed Nick a
few times on this subject.
And because it's a
large chunk, and we
can't show that entire
excerpt of the documentary,
can you go ahead and then
just take the next few minutes
to explain to us how HAARP
is implicated in this?
>>MURPHY: Absolutely.
And again, the aerosols-- what
we found-- geoengineers state
aluminum is very reflective.
Its lightweight.
And it would be effective
for reflecting sunlight.
What we also found out, it's
a very effective conductor
into our sky.
And when they put these
heavy aerosols into our sky,
they have the ability through
microwave technology, or even
the HAARP technology,
to actually heat up
the atmosphere.
HAARP is an ionospheric heater.
And by heating up
the atmosphere,
it actually creates a
lift in our atmosphere.
And when you get a
lift, you actually
create a low-pressure vacuum.
And it enables
these corporations
to steer storms into
certain regions.
Or in the case of this past
summer, out of certain regions.
It also has the ability
to manipulate jet streams.
And Dr. Nick Begich spoke about
a 60-mile deviation in a jet
stream back a couple years ago,
which literally swung storms
into southern
Florida, where they
had very, very unusual weather.
If you look at the
weather maps now,
we see very, very unusual
jet stream patterns.
We see patterns that, for
instance, this weekend
went all the way
from the Alaska area
down towards-- past Mexico,
down into the Mexico region
and back up.
As a result, we had all
this record cold air
that rushed into
Arizona, California.
Arizona had freezing
temperatures.
>>REGINA: But this
isn't unusual anymore.
The last few years,
I'm always shocked.
Because I look on
my iPhone-- I'm
always kind of going
through and seeing
what the weather's like
everywhere each day, I
kind of check around.
And there are just
unusually cold temperatures.
I know that this year we
nearly lost-- and we may have.
When I get home, I'll find out.
We may have lost our citrus
crop, Mandarin oranges.
And this is becoming
something you
have to deal with
almost every year now,
is are you going to lose the
crop by mid-season or not?
And this is true, going
into Arizona in particular,
these record lows where you
have freezing temperatures
in Phoenix.
This isn't normal.
>>MURPHY: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
It's not normal at all.
And what we found, even
this past summer, because
geoengineers talk
about their programs
creating droughts in
certain areas and floods
in other areas.
We looked back to what
created this drought.
And what was really
shocking the past summer,
there were very
few visible trails
above California and
above the West coast.
So we started
looking on satellite.
What we found, the
entire Pacific,
all the way from the
equator up to Alaska,
was covered with aerosol.
And this prevented
a couple of things.
It prevented the sun actually
from coming in and hitting
the water, which prevented the
normal evaporation in the cloud
formation that was required for
the summer storms to come in.
And another thing, these
particles act as what's called
cloud condensation nuclei.
So when you put aerosols
into the atmosphere,
instead of water molecules
evaporating and actually
combining with one another and
eventually falling as rain,
they combine on the
metal particulate,
and they simply drift.
So as a result, again, you
get droughts in certain areas
and floods in other area.
This past summer, of course,
we had a record drought
in the Midwest, which
created a global food crisis.
We now have over 1,000
children dying per hour
as a result of this.
>>REGINA: Globally,
1,000 an hour.
>>MURPHY: Globally.
But Europe got the weather and
got the rain that, I think,
the US was supposed to get.
Because they had record floods.
And again, this is a
consequence of geoengineering.
>>REGINA: Now, when you
were researching this,
you find that there is kind
of a timetable to all of this.
There will be an
approaching front.
Where do they
start-- at what point
do they start intervening
with the trails?
>>MURPHY: Usually about
500 to 1,000 miles out.
And again, they have the
ability to steer storms
into certain regions.
>>REGINA: 500 to 1,000.
So that would
depend on the wind,
for example, in terms of how
far out, how many days out they
would start spraying.
>>MURPHY: There are a number
of factors that depend on it.
But one thing is for sure.
You can actually
engineer a storm
that has an impact 1,000,
2,000 miles away if you start
engineering into
a certain region.
And that's why this
is so far reaching.
So they have the
ability to use this
for many different applications.
But it can also be used
as a warfare application.
Because you can actually
start these programs
in your regions, which
we'll be talking about.
>>REGINA: We're going to go
into that in just a second.
And lest anyone think that this
is relatively new technology,
I know just from
researching HAARP
back when I believe that
was a joint Soviet-US
project originally, the
development of HAARP,
back in the late
'60s, early '70s.
It was quite a long
time ago, as I recall.
>>MURPHY: It may have been.
Weather control has been
around for a very long time.
It was probably perfected
back in the Vietnam War.
>>REGINA: Yes.
That's what I wanted
to go to next.
Go ahead, please.
>>MURPHY: And it was
used in a project called
Project Popeye, where the
US government actually
used this technology to flood
out the Ho Chi Minh trail.
As a result, they
crippled the Vietnamese
by eliminating that
main supply line.
We actually covered a document
in "Why in the World Are They
Spraying ," which was called
"Owning the Weather by 2025."
That's an express goal
by the US government.
And the objective is--
>>REGINA: How arrogant.
Owning the weather.
>>MURPHY: Owning the weather.
So the objective is really
to control the weather
and weaken the enemy.
So you can actually
create weather conditions
in a far off country
without firing a shot
or using propaganda.
It's a very effective tool
because you can weaken an enemy
or create conditions in which--
>>REGINA: And this is,
as you said before, been
a time-honored tradition,
using weather modification
as a part of wartime strategy.
And you did address
that in this film.
And we're going to
take a quick look.
It's a two- or
three-minute clip,
actually, of the history of
using weather modification
to military advantage.
Let's take a look.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>Weather has always
been a strategic desire
to control by the generals,
whether it was Napoleon
marching towards Moscow or
Hitler and his Russian campaign
or our own Pacific fleet trying
to understand typhoons and use
them for our
strategic advantage.
War and weather are
very closely connected.
And they've been connected
ever since about 1812 or so,
maybe earlier than that.
Hannibal had to face
the snows in the Alps.
And so there's a long history
of weather and warfare
interactions.
>>Environmental manipulation
is like the ultimate method
of covert warfare,
because you can literally
shut down food production.
You can create a situation where
the people within a country
revolt against their
own government.
And you're invited in
to mop up the mess.
The issue of owning
the weather by 2025,
which is a military publication.
We quoted it as far back
as I think '94, '95 even.
But you go back to
these earlier reports,
and you look at, what
was the objective?
And the objective is exactly
that, control the battlefield
environment.
Environmental factors give
you an absolute advantage.
If you can weaken your
adversary before you
have to fire the first bullet,
maybe you even win the war.
>>Whether it's
incredibly historic
sandstorms when
we're invading Iraq,
or you want to drown
out or flood out
a dictator that
you're not happy with
or obscure a beach
when there's a landing,
or if you just want to make
money on the futures market.
>>Owning the weather by 2025
using the weather as a force
multiplier-- and
this kind of goes
back to what I was saying
before about if you can control
where a weather system
goes and how much
or how severe the
weather system is, then
you can do other things.
Like you may have
heard more recently
that many of the aircraft
that we've been developing
are what they call
all-weather capable,
which means that they could
fly in any kind of weather.
They can shoot and
target the enemy
under really nasty
weather circumstances.
And these are all things that
you can use to your advantage
if you happen to be
controlling the weather also.
Because you can have
a terrible storm front
come in and make it
difficult, if not impossible,
for the enemy to
operate on the ground
or to fly their aircraft if
they don't have aircraft that
are as sophisticated as
the ones that you have.
And so by creating or using the
weather as a force multiplier,
as the title implies, that
you can achieve an advantage
over an enemy force that
gives you the upper hand.
>>One of the ideals
of the Air Force
is to have this
all-weather Air Force,
or to have their pilots
coming back safely and using
the weather as a salient
against the enemy
and clearing out
their own airports
from, say, from ice fogs
or from bad weather.
And so the idea here
is that if we can fly
and they can't, that's a
great military advantage.
There was also research
studies on hurricanes.
The scientists
were truly curious
about the behavior
of hurricanes.
But their military
patrons were very
interested in how to
steer them or direct them
in certain ways, almost
as a guided weapon.
[END VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>REGINA: All right.
We're back.
And what we need
to talk about now
is something that's
really interesting.
Because there are
actually treaties
based on this stuff,
which is interesting
because the scientists,
the geoengineers,
deny that this program
even exists, right?
>>MURPHY: Right.
>>REGINA: And yet they've
had to create treaties
on this very
technology, regarding
this very technology, right?
So let's talk about what these
environmental treaties are
about.
>>MURPHY: Well, in the
'70s, there was a treaty,
an environmental treaty,
called The ENMOD Treaty.
And what it did, it
banned weather warfare
in warfare applications.
And it sounds like
a good treaty,
but we looked into this, and
Dr. Nick Begich informed us,
there's a loophole
in this treaty.
And the loophole
is this-- countries
can use this technology
over their own soil.
And as Scott Stevens
and Dr. Nick Begich
illustrated with this, when
you modify the weather,
you can literally modify
storms thousands of miles away.
So when a storm gets to
the border of the US,
it doesn't say, oh, wait.
There's and ENMOD treaty.
I can't go any further.
It fails to recognize this.
So it literally is a
loophole that should not even
be allowed.
And I think that's one of
the reasons why they're
getting away with such
damaging programs.
>>REGINA: And yet,
at the same time,
we have these devastating
global events that occur.
I mean, the most obvious one
we can look at is Katrina.
And I know at the
time, fingers were
pointed at HAARP and at
the chemtrail program,
by those who understand
those things,
once-- following in
the wake of Katrina.
So what's going on there?
If you have the ability
to steer theses storms
and place them where you want
or dissipate them if you want,
did you get any
clue as to why they
allow them to wreak
such devastation?
>>MURPHY: Well, absolutely.
There are a number of
objectives that can be met.
And I know FEMA got a
lot of additional funding
after Hurricane Sandy.
And that could have
been-- that's speculation,
but it could have been
one of the objectives.
What we do know in looking
at Sandy and Scott Stevens,
again, meteorologist in our
film, spoke heavily about this.
Right before it made a 90 degree
turn right into the New York
area, there was heavy
aerosol activity.
And again, that
aerosol activity,
the aerosols can
be heated, lifted,
and that's what
can be used to make
a hurricane take
a turn like that.
So without question, that
storm was manipulated.
It was steered into
the New York area.
>>REGINA: So that
brings up the subject
of who stands to
gain from this, which
is part of the motivation and
thus the "Why in the World"
they are spraying.
And I mean, I was
shocked to find out
there is such a thing as weather
derivatives, for example.
I mean, this is obviously
a highly esoteric area
of trading.
>>MURPHY: One thing
that my jaw literally
dropped when I heard that
weather was being traded
on the Chicago
Mercantile Exchange.
And I'm going to say
it a second time,
because I had to hear it twice.
Weather is being traded as
a derivative on the Chicago
Mercantile Exchange.
So I made a few phone calls.
And I contacted a trader.
His name was Michael Agne.
And he informed me about
weather derivatives
and what corporations would
be interested in using them.
And he used the example of
like a heating company, a gas
company in a winter, that
might require x number of days
to be below 30 degrees.
And if you have a
particularly warm winter,
like they're having
across the US this summer,
a company would invest
in these, essentially
to offset their risk.
Another example, which I
think was very telling,
was a seed company.
And if you're a seed
company that has $5 million
worth of seed in the Midwest,
and you have a particularly dry
summer, like they did--
>>REGINA: Oh yes.
Now we're getting into
the big conspiracy, right?
>>MURPHY: Well, we'll get into--
>>REGINA: Monsanto.
We're going to do that.
>>MURPHY: --that in a second.
But this isn't related
yet to Monsanto.
So if you're the
seed company, and you
have $10 million-- or $5
million worth of crop,
but you invest in $10
million of derivatives
and your crop
fails, you actually
make money when the crop fails.
Now I'm not saying every
company benefits by--
>>REGINA: Certainly the
small farmer doesn't.
>>MURPHY: Or everybody who's
involved in these derivatives
is behind weather control
and weather modification.
But there are
certain corporations
that do know the weather agenda,
that do have the playbook.
And if you have the playbook,
and you have the ability to bet
on that, you cannot lose.
There are literally billions
of dollars being made annually
just by people playing with
derivatives on this market that
have the playbook.
>>REGINA: So basically this
takes out any sort of purity
from the futures or commodity
markets I would think.
>>MURPHY: Well, there's
a lot of speculation.
But without question,
again, certain people
make billions and
billions of dollars
from weather-related disasters.
And we know that--
>>REGINA: So what's
happening, I'm
wondering, to people who
are trading straight up,
like the way they always traded.
You've always had
to be concerned
with what the weather is when it
comes to commodities and such.
What are they experiencing?
Are they just kind of like
throwing their hands up?
>>MURPHY: I think a
number of people are.
And one thing that
Michael explained to us,
every commodity or just
about every commodity,
is based on the ability to
effectively predict weather.
So, again, if you
can effectively
predict whether, which certain
people do have the playbook,
you can't lose.
And this is a shift in power.
Certain individuals, again,
are making billions of dollars
at the expense, literally,
of every living thing--
>>REGINA: Every living system.
>>MURPHY: --on the planet.
>>REGINA: You have a really good
bite here in the documentary.
And I wanted to take a
look at this clip having
to do with the economic
implications of these programs,
these weather
modification programs.
Let's take a look.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>So climate control, or
attempted climate control,
and weather control lie on
this very large spectrum
of intervention.
It's also true that if
you can forecast climate,
you can control a lot
of futures markets.
And you could know if you
had the best information
or if you had some leverage
over what the climate system was
going to turn out to be,
you would be able to invest
in advance in all
your crop futures
and your agricultural
activities.
And not just
agriculture, but weather
affects-- I think it's something
like 80% of the US economy
is weather-sensitive.
And so all kinds
of businesses would
like to see some weather edge,
some advantageous information
that they would have.
>>It's absolutely
entirely possible
to profit from the weather.
>>Hi.
My name is Michael Agne.
I'm an independent trader
trading commodities
at the CME Group.
I'm a member of the
Chicago Board of Trade
and have traded derivatives and
futures cash for over 15 years.
Now, weather derivatives
are financial instruments
that firms would use
to hedge risk concern
with adverse weather conditions.
The first weather
derivative was originally
traded by Enron back in 1997.
Weather derivatives started
in 1999 at the CME group.
Big utilities, reinsurers,
to hedge against hurricanes
or tornadoes or flooding,
some sort of catastrophe,
hedging against a cooler
summer or a warmer winter.
Let's just say I was insuring
a product for $5 million
no matter what it was.
Let's say if I was utility
company, a farmer, whatever
it was.
Let's say I had $5
million worth of crop.
But I could do derivatives that
are worth double that amount,
and I can control
the effects to where
I collect on the insurance
that's worth $10 million
as opposed to selling
the crop for $5 million?
Yes, I could definitely
profit from that.
2010, 2011, Southern
Illinois, Missouri--
we had a high peak of tornadoes.
And those types of
adverse weather conditions
definitely raised the price of
commodities as well as drove
the volatility,
which also raises
the price of commodities.
You're going to make more
money if a crop fails.
You're creating insurance
that's over the price of what
your crop is worth, let's say.
So if you can
control the weather,
you control how
these products grow.
And if you had an insight to
how these products were actually
seeded and what products
you use to actually grow
those items, corn, soybeans,
and you can control that market,
it's unlimited profit potential
if you can control the weather.
>>If you want to send
cold into the Midwest,
you buy up pipeline capacity.
You buy up options on heating
and cooling degree days.
You buy derivatives
off of rainfall.
There are mechanisms that you
can make hundreds of billions
of dollars annually and defray
a huge chunk of the cost of this
just on the Chicago
Mercantile Exchange,
playing with derivatives
in the weather market.
[END VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>REGINA: Well, that
pretty much says it.
Nice summary of what
you were saying earlier.
And this begs the question,
the $64,000 question-- or maybe
the $64 billion
dollar question--
how does Monsanto
play into all of this?
And you can take your
time on this one.
I mean, they must have
a tremendous amount
to gain, and from
a number of areas.
>>MURPHY: Well, it
was interesting,
because in "Why in the
World are They Spraying,"
we interviewed a number
of organic farmers.
And across the board,
around the world,
organic farmers are
losing their ability
to grow natural, organic foods.
We included two from Maui who
are having a great challenge.
One farmer had
seen a 60% decline
in their ability to
grow organic foods.
The other had a 70%
decline in their ability.
But in our research, we
found a couple of things.
And we contacted Barb Peterson.
She runs a website
called FarmWars.
And we spoke to her
about this issue
and why the crop
loss was happening.
And she brought to us an issue,
which is called abiotic stress.
And, as a matter of fact, the
USDA predicts by the year 2030,
we will see up to a 50%
more increase in crop loss
due to abiotic stress.
So the question is,
what is abiotic stress?
Abiotic stress is
literally everything
that the chemtrail
geoengineering programs create.
It's drought conditions.
It's too much
moisture in the soil.
It's fungal overgrowth,
because geoengineering programs
block our sun.
We now have an
overgrowth of fungus.
And it's heavy
metal contamination.
And these things,
again, are everything
that chemtrail geoengineering
programs create.
What she alerted us to was a
seed, now, that Monsanto has.
Monsanto has a abiotic stress
resistant, genetically modified
seed that will grow
in this condition.
So what this is,
it's something--
>>REGINA: So it's resistant
to aluminum, essentially.
>>MURPHY: It's resistant to
aluminum, the other particles
that they will spray and the
conditions that they create
from these damaging programs.
And I had the
revelation in Maui.
In losing our
ability to grow food,
many people on the property
that I stay on actually
are dependent completely
off of nature.
They're dependent on natural
food, sunshine, and rain.
And we're losing our ability.
But the revelation was something
that most every religion
talks about.
And they talk about
the system that
develops that wants
to be worshipped.
And I think the people
in Maui that I described,
they really live
as God had created.
It's a free system.
It's a system--
>>REGINA: Paradise, as it were.
>>MURPHY: Paradise,
and it's natural.
But through the death and
destruction of our ability
to live off of
nature, or some people
would call it,
living off of God,
they literally come in
and genetically modify.
And that genetic modification
is where the shift of power
takes place.
And it literally usurps
the authority of nature
or the authority of
God, and brings it
under corporate authority.
And this is what I call
the corporate governmental
conglomerate, which I
call the beast, that
wants to be the source of life.
So destroying nature,
destroying God's creation,
gives them, through
genetic modification,
the ability to become
the source of life.
And that is where this
godlike power that
geoengineer David Keith spoke
about a couple years ago,
is coming from.
I believe that's what
he was talking about.
>>REGINA: Well, and I
think a lot of people
who are watching
this video have heard
of various agendas,
Agenda 21 and others,
that are speaking
about an elite goal
of reducing the population
of the planet by up to 80%.
Now, if you're
controlling the weather,
and you choose where
droughts happen,
and you choose which
critical crops fail,
shouldn't we be
looking at, long term,
a large die-off of populations?
>>MURPHY: Without question.
And we're already seeing that,
just due to the heavy metal
contamination, the
loss of our ozone,
and then the
sterilization of our soil.
But if we allow this to
happen, which we will not,
but if we did allow
this to happen,
and we give this system complete
control over our food supply,
they have control
over our populations.
They have control over
everything in the future.
And that's why it's so
important that we address this.
important that we discuss this.
Because, again, if you
control the weather,
you control everything.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
What about the
subject-- we didn't
talk about this in our
previous interview,
the subject of infertility.
Isn't heavy metals toxicity
implicated in infertility?
>>MURPHY: It might be.
I haven't seen any studies,
but certainly there
have been studies that link
genetically modified foods
into fertility.
And a lot of
people-- and I'm also
an advocate of
genetically modified foods
and natural, organic foods.
And it's very important to me.
But I realize if we don't
address geoengineering,
there will not be a choice.
We will not have a choice.
We will be forced
to address this.
And that's why it's
so important that we
address the
geoengineering aspect.
>>REGINA: Well, I mean, there
are places we can start.
We could, I suppose,
avoid everything
except locally grown,
know-your-grower type
of produce.
But right now, that's not
how the system is set up.
It's not how our
supermarket systems
are set up where
most people shop.
It's more costly for
people to shop this way.
But, again, it is
a beginning point.
And there's another
one beyond that,
which is also taking
responsibility
for growing some
of your own food.
Monsanto, as I recall
from your documentary,
owns 90% of the seed stock.
Is that correct?
>>MURPHY: I heard 85% to 90%.
>>REGINA: 85% to 90%
of the seed stock.
>>MURPHY: And
there's no question
that we're losing our ability
to grow natural, organic foods.
And if these
programs continue, I
believe that we will
completely lose it.
And that's why it
will not be a choice.
So today one of the ways
that we can combat this
is by growing our own food.
But I think that
would be short lived
until we get these
programs stopped.
>>REGINA: Well, it might be.
I mean, we'd have to really
go to a lot of thought
and consideration, pre-planning.
As we talked about
in the other show,
we're looking at having to grow
things in greenhouses so you
don't have the dumping of these
things onto the delicate leaves
as they're sprouting.
Interestingly,
Bill Gates-- I know
you're going to be doing a
third documentary on who.
We've done what.
And now we're looking at why.
But who?
Bill Gates' name is heavily
implicated in all of this.
And what I find interesting
is that I remember
reading a couple of years ago,
that he was heavily vested,
along with a few other elites,
in establishing a heritage seed
bank in the Arctic.
>>MURPHY: Well, that's
absolutely correct.
But another connection
that we found,
Bill Gates is very public
about his investment
in geoengineering research.
>>REGINA: So who is he
saving these seeds for?
These heritage seeds.
>>MURPHY: Well, I think it
might be him and his cronies.
But the interesting thing-- so
he invests in geoengineering.
Geoengineering
sterilizes our soil.
But what we found, he
also invested in Monsanto.
So through the death
and destruction,
he actually profits
on both ends.
And then has his
natural, organic seeds.
>>REGINA: A seed bank, yeah.
>>MURPHY: On the
other side, yeah.
>>REGINA: And so
that's another thing.
If we are going to
grow our own gardens,
we need to start looking at
finding heritage seeds, right?
>>MURPHY: I couldn't
agree with that more.
>>REGINA: There
are a lot of places
you can buy them if you
want to go to that trouble.
And the thing is, if you
do go to that trouble,
it encourages the growth of
that industry, which is growing.
I mean, there's
a wonderful place
in is it-- not Healdsburg.
It's in Marin Country in
Petaluma called The Seed Bank.
It's an old Bank of America
or Wells Fargo Bank,
big, beautiful
building on the corner.
Old stone thing at the
turn of the last century.
And in the gold letters,
it says Seed Bank.
And you can go there and buy
every kind of heritage seed
imaginable, which is
where I buy a lot of them.
Also, anything having to do with
Steiner or the Waldorf school
system and they have
their little shops.
And they have their
anthroposophical gardens.
And they sell seeds.
And there are many really kind
of a well-established heritage
seed sellers out
there, aren't there?
>>MURPHY: There are.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So it's not just for Bill
Gates to hide his away.
We can start taking
some action there, too.
You have a section in the
documentary on Monsanto
and on this whole topic.
Do you mind if we
take a look at that,
just take a couple minutes?
>>MURPHY: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: OK Let's
go to that clip.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>The nature of the risk and our
ability to respond to the risk
is much greater in the
case of the scenario that
might involve large-scale,
regional agricultural
disruption lasting
a number of years.
>>So the agenda was dropped.
The agenda was to kill
the storm, at least
in that one particular spot.
>>You'd see a tremendous
and significant loss
of property and crop production.
Many times this will cause
farms to go out of business.
And when farmers
go out of business,
they usually have to sell.
And then if there's somebody
waiting in the wings
to buy their land, and
then turn that land over
to the production of
genetically modified crops,
you could see where
there would be
kind of a strategic
advantage there.
>>There's something that
happened in the Midwest.
And I'm sure everybody's
heard about the flooding
in the Midwest.
And what happened
is George Soros
and his big corporate
monolith went in
and started buying
up the farmland.
So not only is it
creating all the stresses,
it appears to be a
corporate land grab.
In other words, when the
farmers, the small farmers,
go out of business--
they're wiped out
through these droughts
and everything--
then the big guys come
in and buy up the land.
>>And if you think
of Western history,
there's a lot of it concerning
water rights and even
water wars.
And so there was
shooting about access
to water to water
your livestock.
And now people are thinking,
or at least the people
who are involved
in weather control
sometimes think about the river
of moisture above our heads,
and jeez, if we
could just tap that.
But that, too, is a water right.
That would involve
access to the people that
felt like maybe they had
prior rights over it.
[END VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>REGINA: OK.
We're back.
And we're going
to talk about some
of the acknowledged
geoengineering
by other governments
in the world.
And I do want to
talk about that.
In a moment we're going
to talk about activism.
Which countries are actually
making some inroads?
I know you talked in
our first conversation
about what you're doing in Maui.
But we'll broaden
it out a little bit.
So what's going on elsewhere
in the field of geoengineering?
>>MURPHY: Well,
geoengineers now are
doing something which is
called iron fertilization.
So they're dumping
certain chemicals, iron,
into our oceans to
literally change
the composition of our ocean.
The stated goal of that is that
it will create algae blooms
and literally remove
CO2 from our oceans.
We haven't studied much on that.
But again, this is
genetic modification.
It's a change of our
natural environment.
So geoengineering
is actually defined
as the artificial modification
of the Earth's climate.
So we have a group of
scientists, corporations,
and governments
that want to change
the content of our environment.
Now this has catastrophic,
obviously, consequences.
It's people literally
playing God.
>>REGINA: Are
there any countries
that have been more
forthcoming about this issue
since the spraying is
happening all over the world?
I mean, there's almost no
where I go on the planet,
and I travel a
fair amount, where
I don't see you chemtrails.
>>MURPHY: Well,
what's happening now,
again, the official story is
that these programs have not
been implemented.
That they're just in
the developmental stage.
>>REGINA: Right.
That's the PR side of it.
Let's go to the reality.
We know they've been
spraying for at least a dozen
years, maybe more--
probably more.
>>MURPHY: No
country has admitted
that these programs
have started.
However, geoengineers
now are advocating
emergency war-time
scale geoengineering.
What they're sourcing is
the methane release, which
appears to be happening, which
appears to be triggered--
>>REGINA: Go back
and say that again.
>>MURPHY: Geoengineers now--
>>REGINA: Yeah.
What is it that--?
>>MURPHY: --and
scientific groups
are calling for emergency
war-time scale geoengineering.
And they're referencing
the methane release
that appears to be
happening and also
appears to be triggered
by geoengineering.
Because we have
this ice melt-off
and the warming of our oceans.
Because geoengineering
traps our heat.
We have more ice,
which is melting.
And as a result, we
have more methane
being released into our sky.
And methane is very much
of a greenhouse gas.
So it appears to be a
runaway train type scenario.
And we can't get any
real, definitive answers
on what the planet
should be or would
be at until the global
spraying discontinues.
And once it does, I believe
that our fragile planet
will eventually heal itself.
And Dane Wigington-- I
was just talking to him,
and of course they have
a forest that's dying.
They have grass
that is not growing.
A couple of storms
came in a few years
back, which they did not spray.
And quickly, the forest
started rebounding.
So nature is very resilient.
And once these
programs are stopped,
which we will get
them stopped, we
will have a restoration
of our planet.
Geoengineers state that
once these programs start,
it will be next to
impossible to stop them.
Because what they
have done, they've
disturbed our
circulatory pattern.
They've literally
offset the Earth.
Mother Earth is out of balance.
So I think that we will
have some challenging times.
We will have immense storms.
We will have scenarios
that are unpleasant.
But I think it's the only way
to bring our fragile Earth back
to restoration.
>>REGINA: You were saying that
they're looking at an increased
level of spraying for
this wartime strategy?
>>MURPHY: Well,
what they're saying
is they're denying that the
programs have been started.
>>REGINA: Right.
Right.
So they're saying
they want to start
with this full-scale assault.
>>MURPHY: Immediately.
>>REGINA: Does that mean
that they would actually
be increasing their efforts
over what they've already done?
Or just finally saying, Yeah.
Yeah, you do see
something going on,
which of course would
lead to the question,
well, what was that before
that we saw going on?
>>MURPHY: What was that before.
And the official story
is that what we're seeing
is condensation trails.
However, all of the
documentation around the world
contradicts what we're seeing.
Literally every consequence
of geoengineering,
including the weather patterns,
the disruption of our ozone
layer, the pH changes
of our soil-- I
could go on and on and on.
Those things are all happening.
However, what they're
doing, they're
selling this to the
public now because--
>>REGINA: So this is the
PR release to say now
things have gone out
of balance because
of Mother Nature and
her global warming.
And as human beings, our hair
sprays and refrigerant coolants
and all of that have
screwed up the environment.
So they need to
intercede on our behalf
with this wonderful program.
Is that how it's
going to play out?
>>MURPHY: On our behalf.
And it's amazing,
because they're
selling this stating
these programs are
going to hurt some people.
It could disrupt the food
supply of over 2 billion people.
And they're talking
about dealing
with the issue of equity.
There are going to be
winners and losers, according
to Ken Caldeira.
He is one of the major and
most worldwide recognized
geoengineers talking
about how to deal
with these legal issues.
They are talking, again,
about programs stating
that if they implement
these programs,
it will create droughts
in Africa and Asia.
Guess what we have?
We now have droughts
in Africa and Asia.
This is not about
cooling the planet.
protecting humanity.
These programs are
the most effective way
to consolidate monetary
and political power
into the hands of a
few at the expense,
literally, of every living
thing on the planet.
So we must be wise
when dealing with this
and really comprehend
this is not about us.
>>REGINA: We need to
comprehend the depth
and seriousness of the issue.
This isn't a trifle
that's going to go away.
We're going to have
to be-- I don't
know what it's going to take.
And let's talk about
what it might take.
I know what you've done in Maui.
First of all, are
there any geoengineers
who have come out as
whistleblowers on this?
>>MURPHY: Not yet.
Not yet.
And that was one of the
reasons for making the film.
There are good people
in our military.
There are decent people
involved in these programs.
There are a couple of levels.
There are people who
know what's going on.
And people who are carrying out
these programs probably being
told that it's top
secret because the public
would not be able
to handle this.
And I believe that a
number of those people
generally have a good
nature within them.
So that's one of the
reasons, to waken people up,
that this is not about
protecting the planet.
This is about money.
It's about power.
It's about the end of
natural life on the planet
so that this governmental
corporate conglomerate
can be the source of life.
And once they find that out,
we're expecting a lot of people
to actually step forward,
come out, walk away
from these programs, and join
us in moving forward and getting
this out into the open.
>>REGINA: I thought
for the last 12 years,
so what's it going to take
before somebody acknowledges
this, someone in high places?
And it has not happened yet.
So that means it's
up to us, as usual,
if any change is
going to happen.
There are a lot of
people on this planet.
It we're educated and
know what we can do-- now
you've taken political action.
Awareness is huge now in Maui.
So you're now-- you have your
local city fathers and mothers
on board to help you with this.
What are you seeing
elsewhere in the world?
And what else can we do?
>>MURPHY: Well, we're seeing
more at the local level.
And if we look at our members
of Congress and the Senate,
they were put into office
because they support
powerful interest and
the corporate interest,
the very interest that profit
from these damaging programs.
And a lot of people,
one of the questions
that's often asked, why is the
mainstream media not covering
this?
First of all, they are.
But they're leaking
this as something
that will cause a lot of
damage they don't want to do,
but they may have to
do to save the planet.
If you look at any nightly
news, all of our advertisers
are Monsanto.
It's Raytheon.
It's the very companies
that profit from this.
So that puts the
responsibility into our hands.
And for the first
time, we literally
have an issue that affects
each and every one of us.
>>REGINA: So we need to put
the pressure on any and all
from local on up
of our legislators?
>>MURPHY: Well, I think
that's one of the things.
But because of
the unawareness, I
think it's our responsibility
to connect with our neighbors,
to bring in DVDs.
We encourage anybody
who purchases a DVD
to make copies and
hand out for free.
>>REGINA: Well, and
the first reaction
is going to be to grow
your own garden, right?
I mean, that's one of the
first things that will happen.
As a neighborhood
collective, you watch this,
you want to take responsibility
for not poisoning yourself
further, right?
>>MURPHY: Absolutely.
And just getting the word out.
Because I can guarantee,
once we have critical mass,
and collectively we
stand up, these programs
will not continue.
Many people look
at this in fear.
And I really urge people to look
at this is as an opportunity.
For the first time,
we have this system
that's been in development for
hundreds, if not thousands,
of years.
And we have a crisis.
It literally is the
future of our children.
It's the future of humanity.
We have an opportunity
to stand up,
to correct, and to
protect Mother Earth
and to restore our
fragile planet that
has been molested
in so many ways.
>>REGINA: Well, no one
is going to accuse you
of not doing your
part, and the people
working with you, and
thousands of other people
who have been on this.
There are websites all
over the place on it.
If you want to look at the
physical effects of it,
as you said, Clifford Carnicom
has done some great work.
There's a wonderful video
with Sofia Smallstorm
on one of the
effects of it that's
pretty difficult to watch.
But it's worth looking at
if you really want to know.
So we have only a
minute or two left now.
And you have a third one
coming up, "Who in the World?"
>>MURPHY: It's the question
that's being asked.
So we're going to investigate.
We're going to name names.
And we're going to connect dots
in terms of who specifically,
not only corporations,
but individuals
are involved with
these programs.
So it's going to
take a lot of work.
But we have to do it.
We have to hold these
people accountable.
And I think it's the next
important step, not only
in creating awareness,
but moving closer
to getting these programs
stopped, which we will.
>>REGINA: I know you haven't
completed your research yet,
but would it be a
fair guess to say
that some of the people involved
are some of the same families
and individuals
that are involved
at the top of other crises, such
as banking crises and so forth?
>>MURPHY: Oh, there's
absolutely a connection
that we've seen so far.
So it probably won't
be a surprise to many.
But I think it's going
to be groundbreaking
in terms of what we
will come up with.
>>REGINA: Any surprises so
far as just a little tease?
We've heard of Bill Gates.
We've heard of Raytheon.
And it's not about
just finger pointing.
It's like if we can have
any hint in advance,
because when is this film
going to be done and released?
>>MURPHY: I'm not going
to commit to that.
>>REGINA: OK.
It's still a little while.
>>MURPHY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK.
So whatever we can do to help
ourselves and educate ourselves
in the interim, if there's
any other corporation maybe
we need to be aware
of, let us know.
>>MURPHY: We're going to let you
know when that info comes out.
We're going to put it out.
>>REGINA: OK.
And then we'll
have you back here
and we'll continue on
this journey together.
And I thank you so much for your
time and for your dedication.
You're right.
I don't think there is a more
important topic out there.
>>MURPHY: Thank you so
much for covering this.
God bless and keep on
spreading the truth.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>MURPHY: I really
appreciate it.
>>REGINA: You can take a look
at this subject for yourself
by watching both of these
videos, which you can find
on YouTube and at
whyintheworldaretheyspraying.com.
There are many sites
out there devoted
to chemtrail tracking as well.
But most of all, we need
to protect our bodies,
as we discussed in our
first conversation, which
you can watch here on Gaiam.
And also do what we can
to stop this practice
by putting pressure
on our legislators.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.